README: Add info about using Wayland (#254)
flathub/com.bitwarden.desktop: README.md

# The flatpak manifest for Bitwarden Desktop

Please point issues with the flatpak release to https://github.com/bitwarden/clients/issues.

## Experimental Wayland support

> Electron (the technology used to build the Bitwarden Desktop app) may not play nicely with Wayland at the current moment, especially in certain desktop environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Electron (the technology used to build the Bitwarden Desktop app) may not play nicely with Wayland at the current moment, especially in GNOME.
```

Reviewer: Is there any other DE known to cause issues?

Author: I'm not sure, that's why I used that wording, it works fine in KDE, but I don't know any other DEs.
